boards: arm: sensortile_box_pro: add bluenrg-lp chip description (#78564)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: boards/st/sensortile_box_pro/doc/index.rst

certain standard or vendor class, e.g. a CDC, a mass storage or a composite device with both
functions.

BlueNRG-LP chip
===============

> The board is equipped with an STMicroelectronics `BlueNRG-LP`_ chip. Before using the board Bluetooth
> functionality, a firmware upgrade of the chip may be necessary, in order to run a firmware which is
> compatible with the Zephyr BT stack (see `stsw-mkbox-bleco`_ for more information).
> The upgrade may be easily performed following the procedure explained in `ble-fw-upg`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The board is equipped with an STMicroelectronics `BlueNRG-LP`_ chip. Before running Zephyr Bluetooth samples
on SensorTile.box PRO, it is required to upgrade the BlueNRG chip with a Zephyr BLE stack compatible firmware. 
The upgrade may be easily performed using the application provided in `SensorTile.box PRO BLE firmware upgrade package`_.
For more information about BLE binaries for SensorTile.box family, see `stsw-mkbox-bleco`_.
```
